>> Mike North: The third thing you're
going to do as the third pass is in small
chunks because there's really no benefit
to doing this in a huge single pass.
You're going to turn on strict
TypeScript compiler settings.
So the strict null checks,
that makes it so
that null it's not regarded, sorry I
don't wanna use a double negative here.
With strict null checks set to false, null
is regarded as a valid value in any type.
Not the any type, but you could
have a number whose value is null.
So null fits anywhere.
Strict null check,
set to true, makes it so
that the only thing that
can hold the null is null.
And that's where you're
gonna start shaking out,
branches of your code that returned null
and now you'll have to start introducing
the intersection operator with this
function returns the string or null.
Strict true turns on a bunch of strictness
settings, I won't go too deeply into that.
Strict function types it
validates arguments and
return types of callback types.
So if you say,
I take a mouseListener function as
an argument, strictFunctionTypes will
more rigorously type match against
everything you try to pass to it.
And Bind, Call, Apply,
we've already looked at,
that makes sure that the arguments
passed to function bind, call, and
apply and the lexical scope
all type check appropriately.
And normally, without that last flag
set to true, bind, call, and apply,
you basically lose all type safety
through going into those functions.
So this is where you're trying to get rid
of as many explicit anys as you can and
replace them with more meaningful types.
And you wanna avoid casting,
which is where you're
forcing TypeScript to regard
something as a particular type.
That is done with the as keyword, so
you'd say, regard this as a string.
The more of that you
introduce into your app,
the more your types have
a chance of lying to.
>> Speaker 1: So I mean,
what is the benefit of uplifting
an existing code base to TypeScript?
>> Mike North: They are the same benefits
of using TypeScript in the first place.
>> Speaker 1: The amount of
work you are talking about, and
does that justify those benefits?
>> Mike North: So
it kinda depends on a case-by-case basis.
For example,
if you're talking about some of these
really small JavaScript modules that do
one thing and one thing only, left pad
would be a good example of this, right?
It's adding a prescribed amount of white
space to the beginning of the string,
I'm not sure there's a whole lot of value
in converting that kind of thing to
TypeScript.
However, if you want to use
TypeScript elsewhere on code
that is lacking types, someone has
to provide that type information.
You have two choices, you either can,
through something I'll show you later,
say, regard this whole module as an any,
like anything goes.
When I import something from this module,
let me do whatever I want.
You could do that but that's risky for
the same reason any is a risky elsewhere.
The other option is every consumer
of your library has to kind of
fill in the type information, at least for
the portion they wish to use.
Because the compiler it
is performing a holistic
analysis of your app,
which includes all of it's dependencies.
So, missing type information for
dependencies that causes weakness in
any app that depends on that code.